update of cate docs (#917)
CCI-Tools/cate: docs/source/architecture.rst

        cmd: ["/bin/bash", "-c", "source activate cate-env && cate-webapi-start -v -p 8888 -a 0.0.0.0"]

Cate App
----------

> The Cate App is Progressive Web App (PWA) that acts as a user's web frontend to the Cate SaaS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cate App is a Single Page Application (SPA) that acts as a user's frontend to the Cate cloud service..
```
